Psalm 30 a psalm a song of the
Psalm 30 a psalm a song of the dedication of the house of David
dedication of the house of David
dedication of the house of David I will extol you O Lord for you have
I will extol you O Lord for you have
I will extol you O Lord for you have lifted me up and have not let my foes
lifted me up and have not let my foes
lifted me up and have not let my foes rejoice over me O Lord my god I cried
rejoice over me O Lord my god I cried
rejoice over me O Lord my god I cried out to you and you healed me O Lord you
out to you and you healed me O Lord you
out to you and you healed me O Lord you brought my soul up from the grave you
brought my soul up from the grave you
brought my soul up from the grave you have kept me alive that I should not go
have kept me alive that I should not go
have kept me alive that I should not go down to the pit sing praise to the Lord
down to the pit sing praise to the Lord
down to the pit sing praise to the Lord you saints of his and give thanks at the
you saints of his and give thanks at the
you saints of his and give thanks at the remembrance of his holy name for his
remembrance of his holy name for his
remembrance of his holy name for his anger is but for a moment his favor is
anger is but for a moment his favor is
anger is but for a moment his favor is for life weeping may endure for a night
for life weeping may endure for a night
for life weeping may endure for a night but joy comes in the morning now in my
but joy comes in the morning now in my
but joy comes in the morning now in my prosperity I said I shall never be moved
prosperity I said I shall never be moved
prosperity I said I shall never be moved Lord by your favor you have made my
Lord by your favor you have made my
Lord by your favor you have made my mountains stand strong you hid your face
mountains stand strong you hid your face
mountains stand strong you hid your face and I was troubled I cried out to you O
and I was troubled I cried out to you O
and I was troubled I cried out to you O Lord and to the Lord I made supplication
Lord and to the Lord I made supplication
Lord and to the Lord I made supplication what profit is there in my blood when I
what profit is there in my blood when I
what profit is there in my blood when I go down to the pit will the dust praise
go down to the pit will the dust praise
go down to the pit will the dust praise you
you
you will it declare your truth here Oh Lord
will it declare your truth here Oh Lord
will it declare your truth here Oh Lord and have mercy on me Lord be my helper
and have mercy on me Lord be my helper
and have mercy on me Lord be my helper you have turned for me my mourning into
you have turned for me my mourning into
you have turned for me my mourning into dancing you have put off my sack love
dancing you have put off my sack love
dancing you have put off my sack love and clothed me with gladness to the end
and clothed me with gladness to the end
and clothed me with gladness to the end that my glory may sing praise to you and
that my glory may sing praise to you and
that my glory may sing praise to you and not be silent
not be silent
not be silent o Lord my god I will give thanks to you
o Lord my god I will give thanks to you
o Lord my god I will give thanks to you forever